Contents --> Techs( 1.Used technologies, 2.Workflow, 3.Needs for running Project)


🔹🔹🔹Techs🔹🔹🔹
1. JavaScript (Node.js Runtime)
2. Playwright (Unlike Selenium, Playwright doesn't need to adjust browser version)
→ The main end-to-end testing framework that drives browser automation (Chromium, Firefox, WebKit).
→ Handles navigation, clicking, writing, waiting, screenshots, and element highlighting.
3. ExcelJS
→ Used to create and write the result Excel file (_result.xlsx) with screenshots and network logs.
4. XLSX (SheetJS)
→ Used to read Excel test scripts (.xlsx) to get test steps, selectors, and expected outcomes.
5. File System and OS Interaction
fs, path, and child_process (Node.js core modules)
→ Used for:
Reading/writing screenshot files
Creating result folders
Spawning the PowerShell progress bar
6. PowerShell (via batch file)
→ Shows a dynamic progress window while tests are running.
→ The batch file (runner.bat) handles invoking Node.js script with arguments like browser, headless, and Excel file path.
7. Batch File (.bat)
→ Allows Windows users to run the test runner easily without opening Node manually.
→ Passes arguments to runFromExcel.js (Excel files, browser, headless, progress file).
8. Optional Libraries
XLSX utils → Parsing Excel sheets into JSON arrays.
ExcelJS Image embedding → Adding screenshots to result Excel.



🔹🔹🔹Needs to Use🔹🔹🔹
There are Two options
🔹Option1.  Node.js must be installed (version ≥ 18 recommended) and
        	   Playwright and Dependencies
    How:   After cloning or copying the project folder, open the terminal in it and run:
	npm install
	npx playwright install
	npm install chalk
🔹Option2(currently unavailable).  Install Docker 	then run:
	docker build -t my-playwright-project . 			(Build the image)
	docker run -v ./output:/app/output my-playwright-project  	(running)

🔹 If the device is Mac or Linux,
It can be still run as framework, but: PowerShell progress bar won’t work.
Everything else (Excel automation, screenshots, results) works fine.



🔹🔹🔹Why should use PLAYWRIGHT over SELENIUM for this project🔹🔹🔹
1. Network Capabilities 
	- Playwright natively intercepts and listens to all network requests and responses.
	- Selenium does not natively capture network traffic. To capture network requests/responses, we usually need:
	BrowserMob Proxy (a separate proxy server)
	Or Chrome DevTools Protocol (CDP) integration via Selenium (more complex)
Both options add extra setup and can be fragile, especially if multiple browsers are involved.
             ?Why Playwright is Preferable for Network Logging?
	-Directly supported, works cross-browser (Chromium, Firefox, WebKit).
	-Integrates seamlessly with our per-test logging in Excel.
	-No external proxies or tools are required.
	-Easy to track request-response timing, which is essential for reporting performance or detecting failures.

2. Integration with Node.js & Excel
     Node.js-based, using XLSX + ExcelJS.
Playwright has first-class support in Node.js (async/await, modern JS). Selenium is JavaScript-compatible, but its Node.js ecosystem is older and more verbose.
Advantage: Playwright → cleaner, modern async handling.

3. Speed & Reliability
Playwright is faster due to direct browser protocol control.
Selenium uses WebDriver API, which is slightly slower and prone to timing issues.
Advantage: Playwright → more reliable for headless execution and CI/CD pipelines.

4. Headless & Headed Modes
Playwright: Switching between headless and headed is just a parameter. Works seamlessly across browsers.
Selenium: Headless mode is supported, but some browsers (like Safari/WebKit) require more configuration.
 Advantage: Playwright → smoother multi-browser automation.

5. Browser Support & Versions
   Playwright: Bundles browsers internally (Chromium, Firefox, WebKit). We don’t need to install or manage browser versions separately. This makes our test setup more consistent across machines.
   Selenium: Relies on installed browsers + corresponding drivers (chromedriver, geckodriver). We have to keep them in sync; mismatched versions break tests.
Advantage: Playwright → easier setup, fewer version conflicts.